---
layout: post
permalink: /_posts/202301161108_operator_log_2022
---

# Operator Log 2022

Five operators logged 18 calls in 2022. Futel&rsquo;s hard-working operators need to be reminded about the importance of logging for outreach and maintenance! 434 operator calls were made, but that includes callers who didn&rsquo;t wait for an operator to be available, or who were just too boring to say anything memorable, so we can&rsquo;t blame the operators for everything. However, they are the only identifiable parties involved, so nobody else can be held responsible.



<ul>
<li><strong>2022-01-01</strong> Caller saw a payphone, just had to pick it up.</li>
<li><strong>2022-01-08</strong> Caller asked for the listing of their lawyer and provided a name.  After more information, provided the number for Multnomah County Circuit Court, Downtown Main Courthouse - High Volume Case Processing.</li>
<li><strong>2022-01-09</strong> Caller wanted the number for the Multnomah County Courthouse. I looked it up and they wrote it down. We talked a little longer after that.</li>
<li><strong>2022-1-18</strong> Heard only a loud buzzing on the line after connecting with the call and giving my Operator greeting.  Announced myself a few times and heard a faint echo of my words, but eventually ended the call.</li>
<li><strong>2022-02-24</strong> I could only hear strange buzzing static.  I told the caller to hang up and try again if they could hear me.  Then I somehow got transferred to the main Futel menu.  I hung up, but then took another operator call from another phone two minutes later: same thing. I used the legacy network (SMS) to escalate the issue.</li>
<li><strong>2022-03-15</strong> Said my normal greeting - heard faint giggling and then a single young hello before the call was disconnected.</li>
<li><strong>2022-03-30</strong> Caller asked what Futel was, Operator gave a brief description of the project and word play of the name.  Caller then had a variety of questions about the technology that supports the project and the funding structure.  Operator took the caller&rsquo;s contact information.</li>
<li><strong>2022-04-04</strong> Caller asked what Futel was, I answered as best I could. They asked me for financial advice then answered their own question. He said it was a cool project then call ended.</li>
<li><strong>2022-06-29</strong> Caller had questions about the Druid option offered in the phone tree.  Operator provided information but the caller had follow up questions the Operator was not able to answer.  Caller also expressed interest in getting involved and supporting the Futel project.  Operator took the caller&rsquo;s contact information.</li>
<li><strong>2022-07-04</strong> Caller asked if I could connect them to call, I told them to hang up and dial 1.</li>
<li><strong>2022-08-26</strong> Caller said they met a Futel worker at ToorCamp who was interested in trading video games, I took their contact information.</li>
<li><strong>2022-08-30</strong> Caller didn&rsquo;t have a specific question, called to say hello to a person.  Described how they were able to use the phone when their mobile phone was dead or broken.  Thanked Futel for all the great work!</li>
<li><strong>2022-9-6</strong> Caller asked how to dial out on a this phone, Operator explained how to dial out.</li>
<li><strong>2022-09-07</strong> Caller said they had a question and asked if I could tell them the meaning of life. I replied with a no and hung up.</li>
<li><strong>2022-09-17</strong> Caller wanted to make a call, I told them to hang up and try at the dialtone.</li>
<li><strong>2022-09-26</strong> Caller asked if they could use the phone to call Cuba, I told them they could not.</li>
<li><strong>2022-10-10</strong> Caller if a number was still good, as they were getting a fast busy.  The operator tried the number and got a &lsquo;disconnected&rsquo; recording.  Relayed this information to the caller and then did a google name search to find other possible contact information for the caller.</li>
<li><strong>2022-11-12</strong> Caller asked if they could check their voicemail from the incoming line, and what the number was.</li>
</ul>

<div id="footer">
<span id="timestamp"> January 16th, 2023 11:08am </span>
</div>
